welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna bring hell to us with the
1985 Italian Gore film demons let's get
to it we open in the subway as the city
moves rhythmically to a tune that would
be at home in any Ninja Turtles movie
here we find our main character Cheryl
who nearly misses her stop and then
Terry's too long
soon finding herself alone in the subway
tube she has the sneaking suspicion that
she's being pursued by some sort of New
Age steampunk but it turns out he's a
friendly weirdo handing out free movie
passes to a new theater downtown excited
for this turn of events she runs off to
show her bestie Kathy desperately
seeking Kathy's approval and jealousy
they arrive at the Metropole at dusk
where a small crowd has begun filtering
in some of the less refined cinema
aficionado
play with the promotional display and
the mask takes first blood on rosemary
inside these two helpful Chad's slide in
next to the ladies biding their time in
the hope that the girls will soon be in
need of comfort the movie starts up and
the crowd is excited to see it
prominently features dirt bikes but
disgusted to find it has learning in it
the characters venture deeper to the
catacombs eventually finding the tomb of
Nostradamus along with this mask which
scratches this character's face when he
dons it we find the movie as mimicking
reality as this young ho goes to address
her weeping wound and finds it needs
more than a DAB with a hanky carmen goes
to check on her friend and finds she's
doing just fine and then takes a detour
to look for some ointment or
disinfectant but gets lost amid the
heavy curtains she ends it behind the
screen with a leaky pustule on her neck
she tries to get help and eventually
leaps through the screen while the crowd
checks on her rosemary treats these
young lovers to an elevation of their
kink with a dual asphyxiation as a crowd
comes to the slow realization that the
events of the movie are coming true in
real life now
Carmen confirms this by transitioning to
demon and getting freaky they all try to
clear out but not quite fast enough as
Carmen proceeds to goatse this man's
throat as a first wave crashes against
the lobby doors they find themselves
stuck crammed in like rats after tearing
the doors away in their panic they're
horrified to find out they've been
walled in somehow the crowd disperses
looking for the emergency exits which
are surely still functional this
straggler goes her own way it ends up
getting scalped by rosemary the boys
noticed the struggle and managed to shut
her into the room with some effort and
now they moist his Hale tawny further
explains how the mask had scratched rose
and determines what they ought to be
doing is shutting down the evil inducing
movie when they bust in there is no
projectionist and no one has the
expertise to handle the machines so they
get smashing however the now double
blind man suggests the theater itself is
what's causing this madness they start
to dispose of the corpses to avoid
potential demon attacks but then are
promptly attacked by a demon and that's
the opposite of what they wanted Tony
whips out his Salette oh and gets
fashionably stabby causing this demon to
give poor innocent hannah a blood bath
we then take a moment to GMR away uptown
where these joy riders cruise the
streets and enjoy some coke which was
intended as a pun but then they actually
start snorting cocaine through the straw
after a spill they pulled over to clean
up stopping near the theater inside the
survivors start to barricade themselves
in the balcony section Tony takes over
as their leader but only briefly as his
ham hock becomes demon fighter and he's
sacrificed for the greater good once
they finish their work they start
pounding on the walls to attract outside
attention eventually managing to break
through on the other side they find a
chamber of some sort but it doesn't
appear to offer a way out so the girls
go nuts but they eventually all settle
in and sweat it out on the balcony
meanwhile our punks find themselves
being harassed by a couple of pigs they
take off running down a blind alley
searching for a way out until fate
shines favorably on them welcoming them
warmly they enter the now quiet theater
and take a look around they find an
intriguing door blocked by their
favorite beverage the boys continue on
but Nina finds herself enamored with her
own reflection and she suffers for her
vanity while the movie-going demons
become active the sounds of possible
rescue drive the survivors into a frenzy
and they begin to dismantle the
barricade however rather than salvation
they find demons playing peekaboo and
they get absolutely ravaged this attack
demonstrates the girls chose their
potential mates well because George and
Ken deftly fend off the attackers they
then consider the possibility of
escaping through a shaft but are
distracted from this when Cathy starts
to change and then Menace them Ken
having chosen Cathy as his future
conquest takes on the responsibility of
pushing her wig back she graciously
accepts his damage and assumes the
position look at her back yeah obviously
if Ken gets slashed in the struggle and
nobly removes himself from the equation
but Cheryl and George nobly pursue him
despite their complete inability to help
so George hits his boy with a quick
shoulder rub and a mercy decapitation
with a prop katana George then mounts
the dirt bike with his sward and rides
to Cheryl's rescue like he's doll
Lungren and once again they jam out
swatting at the evil beasts with his
sward when a helicopter crashes through
the ceiling they see an opportunity for
escape George grabs a grappling gun he
knows his standard equipment in any
helicopter and they winch themselves
through the hole their escape is almost
brought to an end by the reappearance of
the metal man but through the power of
teamwork they managed to press a piece
of rebar through his dumb metal face
they emerged to a city in ruins and are
picked up by a merry band of
survivalists on their way out of town
as they head off toward a new life
together hoping neither has an annoying
habit the other hasn't found out about
yet cheryl finds a head pustule turns
into a demon and is unceremoniously
dumped off the back like a pile of trash
and now his demons a movie that seemed
like it would start out slow but then
amped itself up in true gory Italian
fashion if you enjoyed the video I'd
love for you to become a part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
watching
[Music]